Cynthia We: Oh, you can't see me.
Jocelyn Corrales: There you're okay now I see you, I see you
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm sorry about that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because for the rap session. They usually require patience to log into virtual planning because
Cynthia We: Oh yeah I did log into virtual clinic I just build virtual clinic our meeting ID.
So, yeah.
Cynthia We: The virtual clinic number was the meeting ID with them.
Cynthia We: And just going back and waiting all that time I felt very stressed because I was late. I was very late.
Jocelyn Corrales: So it's okay. No worries year my first patient for today and I usually
Jocelyn Corrales: Give out around one are for every patient that I need for rap session and the extra are because you surely where the initial rapid usually takes more than an hour. Sometimes they are sometimes more than it depends on every patient that I meet
Cynthia We: Oh,
OK. OK.
Jocelyn Corrales: So for us, like, thank you. Please give me your name and your complete name and your ID, the Brits to that. Let me check if I put in the correct chart.
Cynthia We: Oh, yes. Didn't do boys what so
Cynthia We: And remember days January 5 1970
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I got here cherry. Okay. So, what we will do about for today's session is that we're going to, although we only meet once a month for direct session.
Jocelyn Corrales: They feel session usually takes about sometimes in the are or sometimes more than art depends on every patient and usually for the next sessions, it would only take 15 or 30 minutes and that's only for about once a month.
Cynthia We: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so what I'm going to do today is that I'm going to identify what you usually do day to day today. So what's working out for you. What's not working out for you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And let's start with what's working well for you.
Cynthia We: Um, so this is like a relapse prevention program or really relapse prevention plan right
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, something like that. It's like a relapse is. It's like a relapse prevention plan. So it's what we're doing, doing today is that I'm going to identify what's working well in your basic, you know, like for example in your ad else your mental health, your spiritual cell.
Jocelyn Corrales: With regards to your social relationship.
Jocelyn Corrales: And financial stability and what's not working well for those areas so
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, let's start. Let's start with the ADL like what's working well for your activities of the delivery vehicle, such as waking up early or getting out of bed.
Jocelyn Corrales: gnashing teeth. Yeah, basic things like that doing chores able to eat on time sleeping managing been
Cynthia We: Exercising. Um, oh, do you want to know what's not working right now or do you want to just know it's working.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's start with what's tricky.
Cynthia We: Okay, what's working, I'm
Cynthia We: Right now, what's working is exercising every day.
Cynthia We: Like getting out and walking
Jocelyn Corrales: Wow. That's good to hear.
Cynthia We: And I'm
Cynthia We: And I'm you know I can't go to the gym. I usually go to the gym but the gym, obviously. So just what I just walking
Cynthia We: I'm
Cynthia We: Good.
Jocelyn Corrales: What's, what's the reason why you're not going to the gym because of the pandemic.
Cynthia We: Yeah, close
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: I actually stopped going to the gym. A couple weeks before they closed.
Cynthia We: Because my husband.
Cynthia We: Be early on was he had contact with Idris Elba.
Cynthia We: Who is famous so he was tested on and he had it. He had the disease. So
Cynthia We: My husband was quarantined.
Cynthia We: Before anybody else was quarantine. So we just kind of all quarantined ourselves.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Cynthia We: Um, so that's been it's been going on since March.
Cynthia We: March.
Jocelyn Corrales: So before it Nick Lowe, you're already in quarantine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah yeah
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: Which is fine.
The sheltering
Cynthia We: schedule for the family yesterday that I think will help all of us.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm just so happened that
Jocelyn Corrales: The quarantine has been extended because of the third pandemic.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: Of course I, although not in all states.
Cynthia We: I think there. Yeah. His name for not accepting it.
Cynthia We: But Mexico is really smart. And I think the governor
Cynthia We: So, um, our schedule. The following that schedule. I think will will help a little more, um, because I think all you can get more activity in that
Cynthia We: And more art projects.
Cynthia We: You know, because I really want to do projects with the kids.
Cynthia We: While you're talking about what's working because
Cynthia We: It's it's a weird time right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah I know, right. So you get more time to spend with your kids at home because kids are that are nowadays, do they do. Yeah, I think you mentioned. They do, they do online classes right now already are on vacation already
Cynthia We: Yeah, yeah, they're
Cynthia We: taking classes online, but it's nothing.
Jocelyn Corrales: Compared to compared to the classroom.
Cynthia We: Yeah, it really feels. Um, and you really have to sit with the younger one to make sure she's doing it. So it's a lot more work.
Cynthia We: I'm used to having that block time where I just right.
Cynthia We: And and and work on this book. I'm trying to get out the door.
Jocelyn Corrales: I know you you right
Cynthia We: Or you read that.
Jocelyn Corrales: I right. Oh, that's good.
Cynthia We: I have a book. I have a book that I've been I'm done. I'm done with it. I'm editing it
Cynthia We: And I'm gonna my next step is to find an agent.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Okay, you're right, the build. And you also write doing art.
Cynthia We: Um, yes, we're doing the kids and I do art together. Wow, are usually but it's our. It makes me feel good. Oh.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: So let me see some of your art maybe when we see next time probably in the next. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, all right. I think
Cynthia We: Will be cute like that I did with them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's, that's how scary and regards to waking up. What time do you usually wake up.
Cynthia We: I'm not working right now because I feel like I have been getting up at a lot
Cynthia We: Um, because I've been going to bed really late and a part of this is just
Cynthia We: It's just backwards.
Cynthia We: And and
Cynthia We: This like one of the things I really love when the kids are in school is that I have to go to bed early
Cynthia We: And I have to know. Yeah, once I'm up I stay up I don't go back to that so
Cynthia We: Uh huh. I'm really struggling right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you should right now. You should wake up since last March, you usually wake up at around 11am
Jocelyn Corrales: Man Yes, and something because you also sleep very late.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe we can put that together in the plan leader that
Jocelyn Corrales: set the alarm. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because I think this the reason why you also wake up late because you also sleep late so let's schedule on a time that
Jocelyn Corrales: Sleep earlier and let's set an alarm clock for you to wake up a little in your usual routine when there's a school, it's usually early
Jocelyn Corrales: But right now, because of current pandemic, you're unable to
Jocelyn Corrales: wake up early, so why not try let's set it up and you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Because of the current Pandemic How old is your youngest
Cynthia We: She's a, she's nine
Jocelyn Corrales: So,
Cynthia We: We get all up it even 930 would be acceptable to me. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's already late. But I think yes, nine o'clock.
Or 930 so yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. And maybe you could start at 930 because she told me that you're, you know, although they're meeting online for classes. There's also, you know, there's also a need for you to support or supplement their education, like homeschooling you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so do you have to also set up their time. So not only you, so also your kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: So that they also wake up.
Jocelyn Corrales: Early and give them some worksheets to work on in the morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. So that you could help them.
Jocelyn Corrales: And so that your, you know, your day would also start early. You know, it's sometimes when you when you wake up early. It's like you feel like you're, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Tired already when you wake up early, or when you wake up late.
Cynthia We: Oh, when you wake up late.
Cynthia We: You feel tired.
Jocelyn Corrales: Already, yes.
Cynthia We: I totally agree with that. I know.
Jocelyn Corrales: You invited us. Yeah. Nobody feels have
Cynthia We: Like a
Cynthia We: It was a sick car psychiatrist. I saw, years and years ago and she really felt like that had a big, big hit a big role in people's mental health.
Cynthia We: Um, yeah, the time that they woke up.
Cynthia We: And I know is that time I was waking up at like one in the afternoon.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, yeah, that's usually I don't know. I don't know what it probably it's you know something can in connection with the mental health or, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Our bodies when we try to wake up late.
Jocelyn Corrales: We feel tired, we feel lazy instead of working or instead of doing a lot of things for today, you're unable to do these things because you feel lazy.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you feel very tired your body feel so tired, something like that. So let's try to make it waking up early. Let's try to change your sleeping patterns. Try to wake up early in sleep, sleep early. So, what time do you usually sleep.
Cynthia We: Um, well, I try. I've been trying to go to bed with my husband, um,
Cynthia We: around midnight.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh.
Cynthia We: Told me, but I cannot fall asleep until like four
Cynthia We: Oh, I'm laying there and bad part of that is
Cynthia We: Part of that I think is just, I don't know, part of it is like being stuck inside and maybe not getting enough exercise.
Cynthia We: Mm hmm. Um,
Cynthia We: But it's every night.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Okay.
Cynthia We: Late every night, nobody else in the world is up Delhi.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, is it usually because you think a lot
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Probably two months.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe we could do some more meditation at night. Oh.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: That's a good idea. And I i've been reading
Cynthia We: At night.
Jocelyn Corrales: And that there's nothing wrong with reading up tonight. But, you know, sometimes it's offense under reader, because sometimes instead of getting asleep when you are reading. It's actually, you know,
Cynthia We: I think if I started reading earlier like like I
Cynthia We: He likes to watch TV, but if I, I like to read before bed, and if I started reading earlier like when Lola knows
Cynthia We: That I think I would have an easier time
Jocelyn Corrales: That would be better instead of a reading late you can read earlier.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: Because she goes, she's going about it like nine
Mm hmm.
Cynthia We: Yeah, if you wake up at 11 you really feel like you don't accomplish very much if you go to bed at night.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's true, maybe working out, we
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's try working out, we'd sweeping up early, so that you'll be able to wake up early, because you know that's true because you wake because you sleep very late. That's four o'clock and, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: If you try to if you sleep at four o'clock, and you wake up at around nine you, you would still feel tired because you know you lack sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, maybe you start working on sleeping early so that
Jocelyn Corrales: After that,
Jocelyn Corrales: We could, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: When you're able to do that. You could set an alarm, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Every morning to wake up early.
Jocelyn Corrales: And maybe we could start with, you know, yeah that's good also reading earlier so that you'll be able to sleep at night or year or we could do some meditation or relaxation
Cynthia We: Yeah, I think both of those things would be
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, and you know you have mentioned to me that you used to work out a lot, what have you. Do you have a yoga mat, who
Cynthia We: I do
Cynthia We: Not actually Santa Fe yoga is offering free yoga classes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, why not try doing yoga instead of working out, you know, instead of working out, you know, you're not able to go to gym. Why not start doing yoga.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yoga is another example.
Cynthia We: Of
Cynthia We: It and it's good to go anywhere.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and it's actually sometimes after yoga. You know you even doing 30 minutes of yoga. It's already you know sometimes diary, you don't. Sometimes you don't realize you're already sleeping in a yoga mat.
Oh,
Cynthia We: Really
Jocelyn Corrales: Just around 15 to 30 minutes in a day.
Cynthia We: Oh, that's great.
Jocelyn Corrales: When I have time, but I usually try to do it every day. But there are times I miss around one or twice a week, but I try to know. He just started doing yoga, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh yeah, as well. Yeah. And you know what, I feel a lot better and I feel a lot, you know, active compared to not doing exercise at all.
Cynthia We: You know, um, I just
Cynthia We: Say, oh I just I order Yoga Journal
Cynthia We: Like I actually get the magazine Yoga Journal and I've never
Cynthia We: Ordered it and I thought well
Jocelyn Corrales: So you had that a long time already.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think now is the right time, you have
Jocelyn Corrales: To check it out. Yeah.
Cynthia We: You're out the just go for it. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good, that's great. Okay, so you sleep late you wake up late. We because to how you eat. Are you able to eat on time.
Cynthia We: Um I this is like a thing I focus on because I
Cynthia We: I always forget about eating and then I'm cranky. And I know that this is something that leads to relapse and like a whole bunch of unhealthy behaviors that start to snowball so um I try really really focus on eating.
Cynthia We: lunch, dinner, and I have, I have a breakfast like
Cynthia We: A shake for breakfast.
Cynthia We: Hey, I'm a fruit shake with spinach.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good, that's healthy
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you try not to eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: junk foods or chips or crackers.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, that's good.
Cynthia We: Like once a month I'll get
Cynthia We: Cravings and
Cynthia We: And then I will eat.
Jocelyn Corrales: Junk food.
Cynthia We: At night like you know the worst possible time I could do it just at night and like, I'm just a little bit.
Cynthia We: And then it never goes away. It's it lasts like maybe days, five days.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's fine if you're doing it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Rarely, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Not, not always, or occasionally but you know doing it.
Jocelyn Corrales: But not every day. Okay. So each time and make it a habit.
Jocelyn Corrales: To eat request to have shake
Cynthia We: For
Lunch.
Cynthia We: Lunch something little
Cynthia We: Dinner.
And dinner.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, you're a vegetarian.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you cook.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: So are you currently are you currently in pain or
Jocelyn Corrales: No pain at all. Okay.
Cynthia We: Yes, I did have a little bit of
Cynthia We: A little bit of a tumor in my hip that I've had since I was like 18
And
Cynthia We: I it every once in a while it feeling when I said everything my dog.
Cynthia We: I felt it and doctor said it was like it was a year ago. Exactly.
She said a blow.
Cynthia We: I, are you gardening.
Cynthia We: I was
Cynthia We: You know there are things that I do like gardening that that I that I've probably pretty rough on that.
Cynthia We: Huh uh
Cynthia We: I just don't realize that I did and that these things happen and you get to take, take a little, little easier.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think you're still doing gardening right now.
Cynthia We: Oh yeah, I just thought all my gardening stuff and I'm going to redo the whole you
Jocelyn Corrales: Can just know not too heavy about and
Jocelyn Corrales: I know, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's why.
Cynthia We: I'm asking me, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe you could do it on installment basis, you know, instead of doing it for a whole five hours or three hours doing it tried to eat, maybe an hour a day or two.
Jocelyn Corrales: One or two a day, not to not more than five hours. That's too much, maybe around and are they in
Cynthia We: Your wise because I did realize a few times last year that like when I went to get up. If I was crouched down. I actually couldn't like my fears were frozen.
Jocelyn Corrales: In
Cynthia We: The old lady kind of stuff. It's weird.
Cynthia We: So, I take it, I asked for help. I asked me, and I'm
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it's good that you're getting them involved.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's lovely. That's one. That's also one of a good activity for them to do in homeschooling they do that. I have a friend who homeschool sir children the spot on there, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: doing chores. They. Yes, yes. They include the kids in doing the chores. So like for example, any in every choice that you do, you know, since their kids are not at school and they're just at home whole day probably
Jocelyn Corrales: If you do not have an online class, they're probably on their computers or
Jocelyn Corrales: Cell phones whole day.
Jocelyn Corrales: So why not try you know it would be a, you know, it would be a meaningful experience, not only for you, but also for the kids, you know, try involving them in some, you know, some chores at home or gardening.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, it would you know it making try
Cynthia We: And help me plan because we got a bunch of seeds for friends and
Cynthia We: My oldest was really impressed with one of the one of the girls in class came up with a permaculture
Cynthia We: Exhibit I think was permaculture was how a different plants.
Cynthia We: Do one next to other planets.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Cynthia We: They each benefit from one another when they're planting next to each other. And so I was like oh well you could you could you could plan out. What we're going to plant with
Jocelyn Corrales: Yo, a map.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, it's like planting different species on one
Jocelyn Corrales: One area and just checking out if they coexist with each other.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's just part of science.
Cynthia We: Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good because sometimes there are plants that do not you know when you try to plant them to each other. Sometimes, the other one is like grow.
Cynthia We: Yeah, totally takes all the
Cynthia We: Good stuff out of the soil or
Cynthia We: Yeah, as the rock.
Jocelyn Corrales: So yeah, sometimes there are some plants you know that the your ideal.
Jocelyn Corrales: Soil a CDT
Jocelyn Corrales: Or soil content. You know, it's
Jocelyn Corrales: Near very sensitive to that there's someplace where like that, so probably something like that so
Cynthia We: Some I think
Cynthia We: I planted grapes and strawberries over along the fence to die. And I think it's because don't get enough sun over there.
Jocelyn Corrales: It could be one. That's one of the recent probably sun.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or probably could be the
Jocelyn Corrales: It needs fertilizer.
Cynthia We: Yeah, that's a good point.
Jocelyn Corrales: Or it could be the soil pH. Sometimes the acidity of the soil is not appropriate for a certain level, you could check out the CDC of the soil or the ideal SCD soil SCD before each for a particular plant that you try
Cynthia We: To do. Do you know
Cynthia We: Like how do you have to your soil to the office, get it tested or do they have home testing.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm not sure if they have a home test kit.
Jocelyn Corrales: But they usually analyze it in a in a laboratory, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: I have. Yeah, I have a cousin who is a plant pathologist and she's she studied agriculture. She's already a PhD in agriculture and that's, that's why I also learned a lot from her.
Jocelyn Corrales: We also learned a lot from her. Yeah, and you know it's something like, Why does it not go here. She would tell us maybe it's because
Jocelyn Corrales: It lacks we're probably it lacks fertilizer. Sometimes it's just that.
Jocelyn Corrales: It lacks nutrient nutrients.
Cynthia We: Sometimes it's never like
Cynthia We: The soil to and it makes it doesn't drain easily
Cynthia We: Yeah, and I didn't add a whole bunch last year when I when I added the grapes. So they hadn't, you know, add good stuff into it.
Cynthia We: I added a little bit, but probably not to not enough.
Jocelyn Corrales: Food could be could be. And I think grapes likes you know a lot of sun also
Cynthia We: Yes, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Why not try planting it on a sunny area.
Jocelyn Corrales: And Sunday, you're part of the garden.
Cynthia We: Fortunately, the trampoline in a way
Jocelyn Corrales: Take
Cynthia We: Sunny space so
Cynthia We: We're not going to try grapes. This year we're gonna seeds and there's like there's
Cynthia We: beans and squash and all sorts of stuff that I've never grown so
Jocelyn Corrales: Wow, that's good.
Cynthia We: You know, growing your vegetables in the backyard is good.
Cynthia We: You know, you get
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, once it's, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: There's a lot of if you could share some of it to your neighbors are you
Jocelyn Corrales: Out of it in the market. You know, I think he
Cynthia We: Oh no, yeah, I would not. I have enough just for the family.
Cynthia We: But I did drop her is this year when we probably each gutsy like fiber.
Cynthia We: Tomatoes. We had way too many tomatoes. I'm really good at tomatoes, though.
Jocelyn Corrales: Well, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Very good. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: They're, they're easier to grow anything
Jocelyn Corrales: He knows. Yeah. So with regards to your mental health, what's working for you. Are you able to regulate your mood. How do you, how do you manage your mood. How do you accept challenges and manage in regards to stress, stress or anxiety is how are you eat, how are you able to manage him.
Cynthia We: I think
Cynthia We: I think pretty well. I think
Cynthia We: I was on antidepressants, but I'm not anymore. Like I gradually decrease them.
Cynthia We: So that
Cynthia We: I haven't zero now.
Cynthia We: And I find just as long as i x is I'm pretty able to manage
Cynthia We: My feelings. I feel like I'm
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I'm
Cynthia We: Um, I do. Do I do a little bit of meditation like guided meditations.
Cynthia We: And that whole
Cynthia We: And then the exercise is really, I think that's a huge part of it.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think we should go on, you know, you should pursue
Jocelyn Corrales: Exercising at home.
Cynthia We: Yeah, yeah, it's now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Time to open that you'll get your know that you had
Jocelyn Corrales: So, yeah.
Cynthia We: You know, there's a lot of stress and a lot of a lot of
Cynthia We: Conflict between my husband and I right now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, especially that you see.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, especially see each other, whole day you know
Cynthia We: I'm in
Jocelyn Corrales: The kids have been God
Jocelyn Corrales: Is something
Cynthia We: He's just gone. He comes back up.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Not the only one I heard that from someone, someone else do
Jocelyn Corrales: It subset, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: It's, you know, sometimes they would tell it's better to go at work than stay at home, you know, and there are times that they feel stressed because the keys are at home, you're not at school. So, you know, you get to see each other every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you know, you
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes
Jocelyn Corrales: It's, it's really, it's really stressful when you see each other every day because you know you're used to not see him every day and you know you got to adjust again. And it's, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Fighting each normal between husband and wife, as long as you pass it out after words in your good. Just make sure that you patch out things before you go to sleep.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: And try to work out with each other, that's, you know, it's another adjustment and I know it's really crazy, especially the pandemic know that you get to see everyone every day 24 hours.
A day
Cynthia We: No one will ever complain about seeing
Jocelyn Corrales: Your family.
Good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and I think. Yeah, let's go through let's push through with that yoga and the meditation. Let's
Jocelyn Corrales: continue on with the meditation. Maybe that's the reason why you're unable to sleep early
Jocelyn Corrales: You're stressed out.
Maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: Key. So you mentioned that you're doing meditation. So, uh, do you consider yourself spiritual
Cynthia We: Uh, yeah, yeah.
Some
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you into any religious
Cynthia We: No, nothing in particular.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're not a Christian or something else.
Cynthia We: No, I think I when I was growing up.
Cynthia We: We went to
Cynthia We: The church.
Cynthia We: And then my babysitter.
Cynthia We: took us to the Congregational Church.
Cynthia We: And then my mom and dad started going when I was in high school. They started going to, um,
Cynthia We: Oh god, the hippie church. I can't remember the
Cynthia We: Name called the but they were really liberal
Jocelyn Corrales: Was really
Cynthia We: Saying that my mom and dad took us there.
Cynthia We: I can't remember. Anyway, so
Cynthia We: I never
Jocelyn Corrales: You never tried
Cynthia We: Yeah, I never
Cynthia We: Really thought about those we had, we had one of the hippie.
Cynthia We: Reverence come and do our wedding 20 years ago and I've thought about maybe going and taking the kids there but um I we know it's not a huge priority.
Cynthia We: organized religion is not a
Cynthia We: Priority I'd say
Jocelyn Corrales: That what you're thinking about it.
Cynthia We: Well, I think the difference, I think, spirituality is totally different than organized so
Cynthia We: Yes, I'm more spiritual than
Jocelyn Corrales: You could do some probably meditation and quiet reflection.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just like you're lucky are doing right now. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's also getting in touch, you know, spiritually,
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, meditation and quiet reflection. But if you're a Christian or you're involved in a religious sect. You surely prayer.
Jocelyn Corrales: And yoga is also another
Jocelyn Corrales: Form of meditation. Right.
Cynthia We: Right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so I'll put here your spiritual, but you're not religious, and you are practicing meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: But are you are you doing meditation frequently
Cynthia We: I'm probably not as often as I should.
Cynthia We: I would like
Cynthia We: I would like it to be an everyday saying, and I'd also like to yoga to be an everyday thing. So, um,
Cynthia We: I there, they kind of go together.
Cynthia We: So maybe I want. If I don't do yoga. One day I definitely be sure I meditate, so that I'm doing something every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. I think
Cynthia We: That would be smart.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I think that's good, too. Yeah, I think that's a good plan. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And it just for a
Cynthia We: Long time
Jocelyn Corrales: For a while, quite a while. Somebody chatting me because someone's looking for me at info and I'll tell them I'm with a patient
Jocelyn Corrales: I was calling you know a lot of patients yesterday.
Jocelyn Corrales: Meditation and you would like to do meditation and would mix in yoga every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Every day. Yeah. Yes. I think that's a good idea. I like this plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: And with regards to social relationship, although you're fighting at times with your husband, probably, but you have a good relationship with your husband.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah okay that's good to hear.
Cynthia We: Yeah 20 years this July.
Cynthia We: Wow. Yeah.
Cynthia We: 20
Jocelyn Corrales: Why not, that's good.
Cynthia We: That I really like I can remember when my mom and dad were married 20 years and I don't feel like I'm that I don't ever think I'm as old as my mom and dad were but
Jocelyn Corrales: That's, that's a good. Do you notice a good thing, you know, some sometimes rarely see couples going, you know, reaching out
Cynthia We: A lot. Yeah.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: And a good thing is that you love each other.
Cynthia We: Most yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: And we get children. You also have a good relationship with your children.
Cynthia We: Oh, yeah, yeah. Um, well, we have a 13 year old, so I'm like I told you that before he's
Yeah.
Cynthia We: He's spunky and
Cynthia We: He's volatile and
Cynthia We: Angry a lot
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I think that's, you know, expected for a teeny
Jocelyn Corrales: teeny, you know, because of the
Jocelyn Corrales: Not only because of
Jocelyn Corrales: His attitude, but you know there's some physical changes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so if there's physical changes. It also involves emotional changes. So, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Also some hormonal changes that could also affect his mood, you know, so he's awfully angry.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, yeah. It could also be hormonal try to understand him and try to let him understand that what he's going through is normal, you know, try to try to read also some books regarding kids, you know, adolescent, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: So here you're able to understand the stages that they're going through. And, you know, maybe you could learn something.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you could explain to him that, you know,
Cynthia We: This is the most recent one. I'm going to read
Cynthia We: Have you heard you have a boy. A boy.
Jocelyn Corrales: No, I have girl.
Cynthia We: Oh, she's written one about girls. Well, he's brilliant. She just
Cynthia We: Interview them. This is young men love
Cynthia We: Pouring consent and navigating the new masculinity. And I'm like,
Jocelyn Corrales: You have to prepare yourself.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, you know, Wendy turned that age, you know,
Cynthia We: Do you have to. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I love it.
Whereas
Cynthia We: Your key has no interest in anything like
Cynthia We: You know about growing up arresting and I'm like, you have to read it. You like cuz I got him. I ordered one for him to nuts. Not this one. This is mine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Did this a good thing that you tried to prepare yourself. That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, yeah, sometimes you have to be understanding to them, especially right now you know they're going through.
Jocelyn Corrales: A process, you know, they're growing up, physically and, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: The hormonal changes. It's also affects them and try, try to understand them and try to explain to them that what they're going through each normal, but you know, you just have to keep them guidance through so that you know they grew up really well.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and they
Jocelyn Corrales: I remember feeling that way. Like, I remember everything. My mom and dad had to say to me.
Cynthia We: It was like
Cynthia We: You get everything needed grouping I chop words like it just everything made me so mad.
Cynthia We: I'm for reason like if you look back, I was so mad but I
Cynthia We: Totally. I
Cynthia We: Remember the feeling so
Jocelyn Corrales: Um, thanks. It's hormonal you know
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. Yes.
Cynthia We: And imagine right now. I can't imagine it being
Cynthia We: Stuck with my parents right now like because he's used to going to dance classes and it was his friends and, you know, doing all sorts of stuff that's outside of the house.
Cynthia We: Not having to hang out with us all day.
Jocelyn Corrales: And right now. He can't go out
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe he just needs to hang out with them via social media or maybe
Jocelyn Corrales: But yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Please raise
Cynthia We: Playing video
Cynthia We: Games, so
Cynthia We: They all get on and they play
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: As long as they're not doing drugs or anything that's fine.
Jocelyn Corrales: Exactly, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, this good to to guide him okay and our other family members are you in contact with your family. My other family members.
Jocelyn Corrales: Today, your sisters
Cynthia We: Or was it a zoom meeting with my sister last Thursday. And that was really great.
Cynthia We: Just to connect with her and her husband and my nephews.
Cynthia We: Who have got so big. They're like, they're they're adults. I mean, weird.
Cynthia We: Because I used to babysit the other one. He
Jocelyn Corrales: Something
Cynthia We: But I babysat what I babysat one was for. And, um, and we've been staying in touch Scott's trying to get his dad connected with zoom
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. That's good.
Cynthia We: Very definable
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: First, it's difficult, you know, having to adjust it is technology, especially if you're an at an older generations and
Jocelyn Corrales: Very difficult to adjust. But, you know, once you get, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Once it gets started it.
Jocelyn Corrales: Easy. Yeah, yeah, you know,
Cynthia We: We gave up a zoom with my mom and dad.
Cynthia We: On Easter. We talked to them and we just download Alexa on our computers.
Cynthia We: They can
Cynthia We: Figure out how to get around the Norton.
Cynthia We: antivirus to get to zoom
Cynthia We: Oh,
Cynthia We: He couldn't access the
Jocelyn Corrales: Date the anti virus is blocking the zoom. That's why they're unable to open it there. Yeah, yeah.
Cynthia We: I think it blocks the camera or something like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's worse. I think this for security reasons, also.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh,
Cynthia We: So you were able to stay in touch with them. That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: And your family's very supportive of you have your man.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: So with regards to financial are you currently working
Cynthia We: I'm finishing my book and then I will get an agent and the agent will find someone that wants to publish it and
Cynthia We: That's it, I'm
Cynthia We: My husband works in film.
Cynthia We: And so a lot of times he's gone. So I really have to stay home.
Cynthia We: Mm hmm. Um, so I kind of, I wasn't, I worked in advertising before
Cynthia We: Right, kids.
Cynthia We: And decided that after I had kids, I wasn't gonna go back to that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Because
Cynthia We: It would be
Cynthia We: hard for us to work in those industries.
Jocelyn Corrales: And excited
Jocelyn Corrales: To be a mom.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, decided to Yeah mom, that's
You know,
Cynthia We: I was started losing my mind and I said,
Cynthia We: Something else besides be alone.
Cynthia We: So writing and
Cynthia We: Writing for I was a copywriter and advertising.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh,
Cynthia We: I just changed my I took a workshop that learn how to write more for essay then sales.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm.
Jocelyn Corrales: And you have been writing for how many years already.
Cynthia We: since college.
Cynthia We: I was altered the major in college. So 20 some years.
Cynthia We: I say I started writing my book, um,
Cynthia We: Probably
Cynthia We: Six years ago.
Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: I hope someday I get to read that book.
Cynthia We: Yes, definitely.
Jocelyn Corrales: Why not
Cynthia We: I have a good feeling about it.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried working online. Also, since you're a copywriter.
Cynthia We: I am
Cynthia We: I actually just joined a Carol Tyson's writers den where she's going to teach me how to do that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Sewing so yeah because I kind of
Cynthia We: I didn't really understand how to go about doing it. I know I could
Cynthia We: You know that I could make money doing that.
Cynthia We: But she I, you know, there's that. How, how, how, how exactly like how do I approach somebody, what do I need to show them um you know my portfolios 20 years old. So does anybody really care. So she's going I joined the writers done just like a week ago.
Jocelyn Corrales: So I'm going to learn. Uh huh.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Yeah.
Cynthia We: It's like a club or not a club, but I'm
Like
Jocelyn Corrales: Are you also being paid. Just in case you need to you edit someone else's work or something like that.
Cynthia We: In the ribosome. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, you could be helpful.
Jocelyn Corrales: To you.
Jocelyn Corrales: So you just joined or I mean, and with regards to not working. You already told me earlier. I think as we go through. You know, we've talked already a lot and you've mentioned a lot already. So what's going on with your basic emails, you know, you're asleep in your waking up really
Jocelyn Corrales: What else he's not working well for you.
Cynthia We: The arguing in this House.
Oh,
Jocelyn Corrales: You know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Sometimes there are some FIGHTS, YOU KNOW, IN, YOU KNOW, AT house with your son, probably in your husband.
Yes.
Cynthia We: I'm gonna just step out for one sec.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, no worries.
Cynthia We: Me meeting.
Jocelyn Corrales: Arguing you're, you're, you're, you are all able to manage it.
Jocelyn Corrales: But, you know, if you need someone to talk to, you could always message me. I think you have my contact number
Jocelyn Corrales: The one you reply to that's my direct contact number
Jocelyn Corrales: So we progressed to mental health I you have mentioned that
Jocelyn Corrales: You used to be taking antidepressants.
In
Jocelyn Corrales: What you doing currently to manage your stress you do meditation and exercising, but I think you need to do this more frequently because
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Cynthia We: You're at home like a month and every everyday thing.
Cynthia We: Out feel
Jocelyn Corrales: And this you're bright heart health therapies and treatments working out for you.
Cynthia We: Oh yes and I seek one every week. So
Cynthia We: Yes, yeah.
Cynthia We: She's great.
Jocelyn Corrales: She actually mentioned to me that
Jocelyn Corrales: She's meeting you every week.
And
Jocelyn Corrales: Even mentioned to her. Do you not want me to see your patient for the rap session because her session is different from mine. Although mind.
Jocelyn Corrales: I only do monitoring of the patients, by the way, that's why I did a rap session. Actually, that's why I do the rap session because every month. I'm going to monitor each of the patients progress.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, that's what I do. So I am going to wrap
Cynthia We: Up.
Jocelyn Corrales: This way. That's why I get to get the basic details about you today, so that the next time, I'm going to see you. I'm going to check again I'm going to review what have previously written about you.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'm going to follow up if. How are you, how are you doing are you doing better now. Yes, something like that, or are we do, we are you know currently doing or, you know, doing the plan that we used to, you had before. No.
Cynthia We: I like that because it's different than what, when and I focus on like she really um
Cynthia We: I have a huge shame response. So we've been working a lot on fixing that.
Cynthia We: And I don't think that we have time to go over that and the
Cynthia We: And these things that I should be doing.
Cynthia We: To, you know, just keep myself even keel. You know, like so. I think it's good. I think it's
Jocelyn Corrales: Good yes what her therapies are more of
Jocelyn Corrales: Focusing you but my session is usually more about the holistic
Cynthia We: Every I am
Jocelyn Corrales: It involves not only you, but also, you know, trying to make you do things, you know, plan out your life, you know,
Cynthia We: Things that will benefit me forever.
Jocelyn Corrales: Really yes yes and
Jocelyn Corrales: Use you'd like to work on.
Jocelyn Corrales: Going to go earlier. Yes.
Getting up earlier.
Jocelyn Corrales: And meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, meditation. Meditation.
Cynthia We: Meditation. I'm going to start yoga.
Yoga.
Jocelyn Corrales: Every day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe at least 30 minutes today let's get started with 50 if if you think 15 minutes is if we think 30 minutes. It's too much. Let's start with. If you think 30 minutes is too much. Let's start with 15 minutes then later on 20 minutes 30 minutes. That's how I actually started
Jocelyn Corrales: I started with 15 minutes then later on.
Jocelyn Corrales: 20 minutes then I'm able to tolerate 30 minutes and now I'm able to tolerate around 40 minutes or an hour.
Cynthia We: Oh, I think that's a good idea because 30 minutes sounds a little overwhelming to me.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, starting to
Cynthia We: See me. I can do that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, you start with 15 minutes and if you feel so very tired.
Jocelyn Corrales: Just stop Jeanette, you know, do not push yourself to to, you know, it will stress you out. So
Jocelyn Corrales: If you think you can
Jocelyn Corrales: cannot manage their commit start with, you know, 15 minutes
Jocelyn Corrales: Then
Jocelyn Corrales: Once you're able to do 15 minutes and you're like, Oh, no, this is that challenging anymore. That's the 20 minutes
Jocelyn Corrales: 30 minutes
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, that's duties to gradually not, you know, not in the dance that it would that stress you out.
Jocelyn Corrales: And spiritual self you would like to. You mentioned that you want to try
Jocelyn Corrales: Although it's not priority, you would like to go on a church, something like that.
Cynthia We: Oh, um, I wanted to take the kids to a
Cynthia We: Look, what the heck is a NEMA I can't think of the name. Oh, it's a combination of the hippie church. I've been thinking about it. Yeah, it's not gonna happen right now so
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, we should
Cynthia We: Make it a goal because we can't actually go
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, for a start, since you know you're not really familiar because you mentioned that you've been there when you were still very
Cynthia We: High School. Yeah, when I was
Jocelyn Corrales: And when you and when you got married 20 years ago, so that's
Jocelyn Corrales: Just too long already. Have you tried checking out online.
Cynthia We: I have not
Jocelyn Corrales: They're actually online, you know, services.
Jocelyn Corrales: For you. Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You could check it out. Check it out for
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, just type on a specific denomination that you would like. Then if they have online services or online worship service, sometimes they go on live on Sundays already have
Jocelyn Corrales: Once they have life sometimes, it remains on their Facebook page or on their social account and you could actually view their previous slide, and watch it again on a later time. You could actually do that.
Cynthia We: Okay, I'll check into that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Do some online.
Jocelyn Corrales: church services.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, maybe you start with that first before you know before
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah okay because you might get shocked when you get there. So it's you know it's a start doing, you know, doing online for us. And when you think that already that yeah, maybe I'm ready to go there.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, let's start with the online one
Cynthia We: I had to go to the bathroom really bad.
Cynthia We: Can you excuse me, I'm sorry.
Cynthia We: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay. So with regards to our plan waking up early.
Jocelyn Corrales: You're good with a 930. I think that's
Jocelyn Corrales: That's reasonable. Then
Jocelyn Corrales: Then 11 in the morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's, you know, we'll just adjust it earlier, if we think if you're able to wake up at 930
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and usually at sleep. What time do you plan to sleep is
Jocelyn Corrales: 11 o'clock in the evening or it's just 11 o'clock. It's still early for you.
Cynthia We: I'm 11 o'clock is still early but 12 probably 12 would be good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Child midnight. Oh.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think that's enough.
Cynthia We: I think nine nine and a half hours that should be
Enough.
Jocelyn Corrales: And eat on time. Yes, I
Jocelyn Corrales: Think you'll be able to
Jocelyn Corrales: I think you'll be able to eat on site when you wake up early already
Cynthia We: Yeah, I agree.
Cynthia We: Oh, and I know what else, um, I should drink more water.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Have you tried
Jocelyn Corrales: planning out your day because you know you have so many activities and you have kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: Like you make a schedule of your day. It's like a routine schedule that you should do every day. It's just a general electric couple
Jocelyn Corrales: Waking up. Then after waking up, make make breakfast for the keys and eat breakfast. Then afterwards do activities with the kids, like for example you wake up at 930
Jocelyn Corrales: Then after waking up, you know, you just do your basic like taking a bath taking a shower or you know whatever you do the morning routine then make breakfast and after breakfast eat breakfast and
Cynthia We: Then go for a walk or
Cynthia We: Will work, we just we actually just made a schedule yesterday. Oh, that's good, because we couldn't stand the, like, not knowing
Cynthia We: And Sam scooter every, every free minute so
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's good, that's good. We
Cynthia We: Are all going to stick to
Jocelyn Corrales: And you're going to include their to chores. Like, for example, daily chores at home and you also include their your plan, which is gardening.
Jocelyn Corrales: And doing some activities for the kids like the art activities or worksheets activities so included in your plan. So even though you have a general plan for the family. You could also make a specific plan for yourself.
Jocelyn Corrales: So the things you would do for the day and you know so that you will be able to plan out your day and you'll be able to fulfill more than you're able to do
Cynthia We: I have a really, really, really big problem with getting distracted and like like I'll be in the middle of doing something and then I'll notice like that the tree needs trimming and I'm off and trimming the damn
Jocelyn Corrales: Tree before I realized, before I realized what I'm doing and I
Think
Cynthia We: It's really ridiculous. So I think I'm reading a book right now organizing the creative person and it's all about. It's, it's just about that and about time management and about not
Cynthia We: Getting like pulled away with every single segment interest.
Jocelyn Corrales: Maybe, maybe if you see the tree.
Cynthia We: Maybe if he's gonna look at the trees.
Jocelyn Corrales: Trimming maybe you could schedule out maybe the schedule that one out on the next data.
Jocelyn Corrales: Exactly the team that
Jocelyn Corrales: Team that now, not now.
Jocelyn Corrales: Tomorrow I'll do you tomorrow, something like
Cynthia We: So, so yeah focus and and and sticking having a plan are really important. So I have made. We made the plan for the kids. And I think that's the next step is to add us to the plan because while
Cynthia We: There's
Cynthia We: Those things I can, I can work on my book, or I can work on taking the classes that I need. See
Jocelyn Corrales: Me. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes. Because if you're very much distracted, you might forget about your, you know, writing your book, or you might forget your online classes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Exercise everyday.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yoga.
Jocelyn Corrales: gardening or yes you do already gardening continue with gardening.
Jocelyn Corrales: The kids.
Jocelyn Corrales: daily chores activities.
Jocelyn Corrales: Session is gardening.
Cynthia We: Cleaning up their rooms.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think they should do that because they just stay there.
Jocelyn Corrales: I always tell my kids, why not try to sweep the floor, you know, mop the floors or something like that, but
Jocelyn Corrales: Not every day but
Jocelyn Corrales: But I try to tell them to do you know
Jocelyn Corrales: For them to be active. I don't want them looking at their cell phones, every time.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah.
Anxious.
Cynthia We: Your brain is rotting
Jocelyn Corrales: Around
Jocelyn Corrales: Around 12 midnight.
Cynthia We: I'm going to shoot for 1130
Cynthia We: Just so I can get there on time.
Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: OK.
Jocelyn Corrales: OK, I'm going to show you my screen. Oh. Do you have friends. Also, I say from your family members.
Cynthia We: I do. Yes, I've been on actually picking up the telephone and
Cynthia We: Oh,
Cynthia We: Which is funny.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I have a few friends.
Cynthia We: And we're seeing, we're all staying in touch either texting and then and then actually talking on the phone.
Jocelyn Corrales: Uh huh.
Cynthia We: Which is weird.
Jocelyn Corrales: That's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah. You can also do a zoom meetings we BAM.
Cynthia We: Oh yeah, that's good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I'm sharing you my screen so that you'll be able to see
Jocelyn Corrales: Where is it for a while. Okay, there it is.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, I have written out stuff that we have this curse was working out for you. Actually, I have
Jocelyn Corrales: Placed in everything here and I'll just, I'm just going to edit this later on. So that I'll get the the good points. You know, all here and
Jocelyn Corrales: You know all the things that we talked about. And I'm going to for with regards to not working well. I'm going to put it here later on. But I just want you to see the plan.
Jocelyn Corrales: Make sure that I don't forget anything.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so your daily routine. You want to wake up at 9:30am and
Jocelyn Corrales: Included in the plan set up an alarm to be if once you're able to sleep early because it's it's not good to set up an alarm night at 9:30am and you're still unable to sleep early so
Cynthia We: Right, right.
Jocelyn Corrales: So let's, let's try to work on with your sleep first before you start working up early, so
Jocelyn Corrales: Once you're able to get to your, you know,
Jocelyn Corrales: Once you're able to do sleep or US you're able to get adjusted of sleeping early, maybe we can work on setting up an alarm.
Jocelyn Corrales: For us to be able to wake up early.
Cynthia We: Yes. That makes sense.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so I think you have no problems with you, able, you know, eating in a day because you mentioned to me, you rarely eat junk foods and you try to eat healthy meals, so
Jocelyn Corrales: I just placed in here, eat on time, you know, since you're able to wake up later usually eat eat lead. So when you wake up early, you'll be able to you earlier than the usual and on time.
Jocelyn Corrales: And for to make a specific plan for it to be for your day and be able to do to be able to do more in a day exercise every day to include your yoga and meditation, maybe you should do yoga and meditation. When you are about to sleep.
Cynthia We: Oh, that's a good idea, like, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, so that you will be able to relax at night and be
Jocelyn Corrales: Able to sleep. Maybe if you want to read, try to read in the day, maybe at the midday, or when you're, you know, when you're doing activities with your child and you don't want to do anything. Just read while she's doing her activities.
There.
Cynthia We: Yeah, and I'm thinking, like, I can, I can do my walking around the block.
Cynthia We: Earlier in the day and then
Cynthia We: Yeah, the yoga and meditation. Later in the day.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, that's good, that's good that you do you're walking on the morning
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: Walking out. Let's put that specific here.
Jocelyn Corrales: Walking in the morning.
Jocelyn Corrales: And meditation.
Jocelyn Corrales: Last night.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, and and least where your mass
Cynthia We: Yes.
Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: It's not safe out there. You don't know who's infected or not.
Jocelyn Corrales: Right. Yes. And routine activity continue on with your gardening and try to do you know you mentioned that you want to remodel or restructure your gardening, but try to do eat on a gradwell basis.
Jocelyn Corrales: On a one time basis monthly basis.
Okay.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm gonna put that here.
Jocelyn Corrales: I will know how to rephrase it leader.
Cynthia We: Yes. Good.
Jocelyn Corrales: And involve the kids on daily chores and activities at home, such as gardening, you know, the interest them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, totally, and sleep, sleep at around 12 midnight and read earlier than the usual to be able to sleep early sometimes, you know, when you're reading something me if I read, especially if it's something interesting. I'm not able to sleep also
Jocelyn Corrales: If I try to read something boring, you know, in the middle of reading I'm able to speak. So, it depends.
Cynthia We: On the book you're going to read
Jocelyn Corrales: OK. So did we forget something
Cynthia We: I don't think so.
Jocelyn Corrales: I think it's there. Let me see this first to that. Let me see if you're able to sign this one.
Cynthia We: This is great. I think it's gonna be really helpful.
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm going once I have edited this one I'm going is your, is your email address. Right.
Cynthia We: Boys, boys, but so
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, so once I'm done editing this one I'm going to send you a copy your own copy
Cynthia We: Okay, great.
Jocelyn Corrales: Let's see if I'll be able to share my screen to you for a while.
Jocelyn Corrales: You share
Cynthia We: I see you, I see your screen is that
Cynthia We: Oh, I'm below.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, are you able to sign it.
Cynthia We: And click to start
Cynthia We: Oh,
Cynthia We: Really
Jocelyn Corrales: No worries. You can always change it later if it
Cynthia We: I have a laptop. So it's like super hard to push the button and sign it.
Cynthia We: Great.
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, that's great. Sometimes it's it's better if we, you know, I have patients having a hard time
Jocelyn Corrales: Doing this. So what I do is that although it's not necessarily or it's not required to have the patient sign the plan, but it's better to have them sign that you know at least they agreed to that type of plan.
Cynthia We: Oh, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: But it's actually not required. It's okay if they're not able to sign because was there are some Hornet able to to do it remotely if they're under false. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, there are some folks that are capable of signing, but there are some point that are not capable, although if I even if I am able to share them the screen or the mouse there they're still not able to do sign it.
Jocelyn Corrales: But there are some phones that
Jocelyn Corrales: Are able to
Cynthia We: Interesting.
Jocelyn Corrales: Oh, OK.
Cynthia We: OK. OK.
Jocelyn Corrales: OK, so we're done for today. It was, you know, it was great, talking with you use and
Hopefully,
Jocelyn Corrales: We can maybe you want to talk something you know something, you know, something else, you get, we could still continue on talking but if there's, you know, no other concerns you could edit here.
Cynthia We: So we do this again in a month. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: In a month, but I'm gonna, I'm still going to schedule, you probably at least in a month, but maybe it could go longer than a month, probably 30
Jocelyn Corrales: At least 30 days or 245 days we'll see depends on the fly because I have to see a lot other patients also and I hope to see you next month. And I'm going to see, you know, show me your art activities.
Cynthia We: Yes, yes, definitely have the yes go
Jocelyn Corrales: Okay, and a picture of your plants.
Jocelyn Corrales: In the best. Yes.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yes, I look forward to that. Maybe if I do my planting honor on my own.
Jocelyn Corrales: And I'm actually planning.
Jocelyn Corrales: To do some gardening. But what I did is that I bought a
Jocelyn Corrales: A what they call it. It's a rock rap something. It's actually a soil less soil less planting. Yeah.
Cynthia We: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: You know, so that you could go up in smoke laps.
Cynthia We: So, oh, so you just take it and you planted into the ground and it's already good to
Jocelyn Corrales: Have a real, it's like
Jocelyn Corrales: It's like a soil less it's you're not going to use soil, but you're going to use something called a rah rah yarn or something like that. I don't know what the
Cynthia We: Call. I don't know. I'm just, I'm just going to try it. So, because I'm
Jocelyn Corrales: I'm you know I'm interested also in planting succulents although I didn't have succulents set seed seed, but that but that type of soil this you know
Jocelyn Corrales: This
Jocelyn Corrales: Is for it's good for is recommended for succulents so might, I might
Jocelyn Corrales: I might try it on small plants probably
Cynthia We: succulents. I would recommend getting at Trader Joe's and
Cynthia We: And you know, you have to harden them off like you have to put him outside in the daytime for two weeks.
Cynthia We: They go outside of the data and bring them inside.
Cynthia We: At nine and then put them back out during the day.
Cynthia We: For two weeks to do that. And then you can plant them outside
Cynthia We: Oh, I have some succulents that I got at Trader Joe's that are amazing.
Cynthia We: They're huge. Like, I can't believe how good. They're good.
Jocelyn Corrales: Mm hmm. So nice. You have a green thumb because you like
Cynthia We: It's funny because my mom used to say she had a black thumb.
Jocelyn Corrales: Nothing grows on her, something like that.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, they're
Cynthia We: Doing everything. I don't know, I just started practicing and I figured
Cynthia We: Out a little yeah
Jocelyn Corrales: There are actually some people who are like that plants die on them.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I didn't know why. Maybe because of, you know, how did he care of
Cynthia We: Yeah, well I think Google Now you can figure out, like what every plant needs and if
Cynthia We: You don't care what the plants need and you just give it, whatever, then
Cynthia We: It was it was
A Yeah.
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, that's right.
Jocelyn Corrales: Hey, I'm talking with you Sandy. Yes, me too. Good.
Cynthia We: I hope
Jocelyn Corrales: Yeah, I hope to see you soon.
Jocelyn Corrales: Thank you. Cynthia. Have a great day to
Jocelyn Corrales: You and you say,
Jocelyn Corrales: Be safe out there.
Cynthia We: YouTube. Thank you.
Bye.